readme.md, before:

<div id="top"></div>
<!--
*** Thanks for checking out the Best-README-Template. If you have a suggestion
*** that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request
*** or simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
*** Don't forget to give the project a star!
*** Thanks again! Now go create something AMAZING! :D
-->



<!-- PROJECT SHIELDS -->
<!--
*** I'm using markdown "reference style" links for readability.
*** Reference links are enclosed in brackets [ ] instead of parentheses ( ).
*** See the bottom of this document for the declaration of the reference variables
*** for contributors-url, forks-url, etc. This is an optional, concise syntax you may use.
*** https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links
-->




<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/thilojaeggi/WinGetty">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/thilojaeggi/WinGetty/main/src/wingetty.png" alt="Logo" height="128">
  </a>

<h3 align="center">WinGetty</h3>

  <p align="center">
    An open source REST Backend for creating a private WinGet Repo without having to use Azure.
    <br />
    Already functional but expect breaking changes with each update.
    <br />
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/thilojaeggi/WinGetty/issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/thilojaeggi/WinGetty/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</div>

[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
[![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
[![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
[![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]
[![MIT License][license-shield]][license-url]
<hr>

### What currently works:
* Webinterface for managing packages, versions and installers
* Adding package with or without installer and version
* Adding version to existing package with or without installer and version
* Adding installers to existing versions
* Updating Package Information except Identifier
* Searching/Showing for packages with WinGet
* Downloading/Installing packages with WinGet with Download Count
* Upgrading packages with WinGet
### What is planned:
* Adding installer parameters to support e.g. silent installs, meanwhile use --custom or --silent
* Adding support for user/machine/both installers.
<hr>

<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->
[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/thilojaeggi/wingetty.svg?style=flat-square
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/thilojaeggi/WinGetty/graphs/contributors
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/thilojaeggi/WinGetty.svg?style=flat-square
[forks-url]: https://github.com/thilojaeggi/WinGetty/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/thilojaeggi/WinGetty.svg?style=flat-square
[stars-url]: https://github.com/thilojaeggi/WinGetty/stargazers
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/thilojaeggi/WinGetty.svg?style=flat-square
[issues-url]: https://github.com/thilojaeggi/WinGetty/issues
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/thilojaeggi/WinGetty.svg?style=flat-square
[license-url]: https://github.com/thilojaeggi/WinGetty/blob/master/LICENSE.txt
[linkedin-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-black.svg?style=flat-square&logo=linkedin&colorB=555
[linkedin-url]: https://linkedin.com/in/linkedin_username
[product-screenshot]: images/screenshot.png
[Next.js]: https://img.shields.io/badge/next.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white
[Next-url]: https://nextjs.org/
[React.js]: https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB
[React-url]: https://reactjs.org/
[Vue.js]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Vue.js-35495E?style=for-the-badge&logo=vuedotjs&logoColor=4FC08D
[Vue-url]: https://vuejs.org/
[Angular.io]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Angular-DD0031?style=for-the-badge&logo=angular&logoColor=white
[Angular-url]: https://angular.io/
[Svelte.dev]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Svelte-4A4A55?style=for-the-badge&logo=svelte&logoColor=FF3E00
[Svelte-url]: https://svelte.dev/
[Laravel.com]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Laravel-FF2D20?style=for-the-badge&logo=laravel&logoColor=white
[Laravel-url]: https://laravel.com
[Bootstrap.com]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Bootstrap-563D7C?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white
[Bootstrap-url]: https://getbootstrap.com
[JQuery.com]: https://img.shields.io/badge/jQuery-0769AD?style=for-the-badge&logo=jquery&logoColor=white
[JQuery-url]: https://jquery.com
[Flutter]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-%2302569B.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Flutter&logoColor=white
[Flutter-url]: https://flutter.dev
[Dart]: https://img.shields.io/badge/dart-%230175C2.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=dart&logoColor=white
[Dart-url]: https://dart.dev
[Swift]: https://img.shields.io/badge/swift-F54A2A?style=for-the-badge&logo=swift&logoColor=white
[Swift-url]: https://www.swift.org/

Commit message:

Add wiki link to readme

readme.md, after:

<div id="top"></div>
<!--
*** Thanks for checking out the Best-README-Template. If you have a suggestion
*** that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request
*** or simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
*** Don't forget to give the project a star!
*** Thanks again! Now go create something AMAZING! :D
-->



<!-- PROJECT SHIELDS -->
<!--
*** I'm using markdown "reference style" links for readability.
*** Reference links are enclosed in brackets [ ] instead of parentheses ( ).
*** See the bottom of this document for the declaration of the reference variables
*** for contributors-url, forks-url, etc. This is an optional, concise syntax you may use.
*** https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links
-->




<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/thilojaeggi/WinGetty">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/thilojaeggi/WinGetty/main/src/wingetty.png" alt="Logo" height="128">
  </a>

<h3 align="center">WinGetty</h3>

  <p align="center">
    An open source REST Backend for creating a private WinGet Repo without having to use Azure.
    <br />
    Already functional but expect breaking changes with each update.
    <br />
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/thilojaeggi/WinGetty/issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/thilojaeggi/WinGetty/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</div>

[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
[![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
[![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
[![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]
[![MIT License][license-shield]][license-url]
<hr>
## Installation and Setup:
You can find the install and setup guide in the [Wiki](https://github.com/thilojaeggi/WinGetty/wiki/Getting-started)  

### What currently works:
* Webinterface for managing packages, versions and installers
* Adding package with or without installer and version
* Adding version to existing package with or without installer and version
* Adding installers to existing versions
* Updating Package Information except Identifier
* Searching/Showing for packages with WinGet
* Downloading/Installing packages with WinGet with Download Count
* Upgrading packages with WinGet
### What is planned:
* Adding installer parameters to support e.g. silent installs, meanwhile use --custom or --silent
* Adding support for user/machine/both installers.
<hr>

<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->
[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/thilojaeggi/wingetty.svg?style=flat-square
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/thilojaeggi/WinGetty/graphs/contributors
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/thilojaeggi/WinGetty.svg?style=flat-square
[forks-url]: https://github.com/thilojaeggi/WinGetty/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/thilojaeggi/WinGetty.svg?style=flat-square
[stars-url]: https://github.com/thilojaeggi/WinGetty/stargazers
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/thilojaeggi/WinGetty.svg?style=flat-square
[issues-url]: https://github.com/thilojaeggi/WinGetty/issues
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/thilojaeggi/WinGetty.svg?style=flat-square
[license-url]: https://github.com/thilojaeggi/WinGetty/blob/master/LICENSE.txt
[linkedin-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-black.svg?style=flat-square&logo=linkedin&colorB=555
[linkedin-url]: https://linkedin.com/in/linkedin_username
[product-screenshot]: images/screenshot.png
[Next.js]: https://img.shields.io/badge/next.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white
[Next-url]: https://nextjs.org/
[React.js]: https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB
[React-url]: https://reactjs.org/
[Vue.js]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Vue.js-35495E?style=for-the-badge&logo=vuedotjs&logoColor=4FC08D
[Vue-url]: https://vuejs.org/
[Angular.io]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Angular-DD0031?style=for-the-badge&logo=angular&logoColor=white
[Angular-url]: https://angular.io/
[Svelte.dev]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Svelte-4A4A55?style=for-the-badge&logo=svelte&logoColor=FF3E00
[Svelte-url]: https://svelte.dev/
[Laravel.com]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Laravel-FF2D20?style=for-the-badge&logo=laravel&logoColor=white
[Laravel-url]: https://laravel.com
[Bootstrap.com]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Bootstrap-563D7C?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white
[Bootstrap-url]: https://getbootstrap.com
[JQuery.com]: https://img.shields.io/badge/jQuery-0769AD?style=for-the-badge&logo=jquery&logoColor=white
[JQuery-url]: https://jquery.com
[Flutter]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-%2302569B.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Flutter&logoColor=white
[Flutter-url]: https://flutter.dev
[Dart]: https://img.shields.io/badge/dart-%230175C2.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=dart&logoColor=white
[Dart-url]: https://dart.dev
[Swift]: https://img.shields.io/badge/swift-F54A2A?style=for-the-badge&logo=swift&logoColor=white
[Swift-url]: https://www.swift.org/
